add docs for all billing resources (#1600)
hashicorp/terraform-website: content/source/docs/cloud/api/feature-sets.html.md

        "identifier": "trial",
        "is-current": true,
        "is-free-tier": true,
        "name": "Trial",
        "plan": null,
        "self-serve-billing": true,
        "cost-estimation": true,
        "sentinel": true,
        "teams": true,
        "user-limit": null,
        "audit-logging": false,
        "sso": false,
        "private-networking": false
      }
    },
    {
      "id": "fs-EvCGYfpx9CVRzteA",
      "type": "feature-sets",
      "attributes": {
        "comparison-description": "Essential collaboration features for practitioners and small teams.",
        "cost": 0,
        "description": "State storage, locking, run history, VCS integration, private module registry, and remote operations",
        "identifier": "free",
        "is-current": true,
        "is-free-tier": true,
        "name": "Free",
        "plan": null,
        "self-serve-billing": true,
        "cost-estimation": false,
        "sentinel": false,
        "teams": false,
        "user-limit": 5.0,
        "audit-logging": false,
        "sso": false,
        "private-networking": false
      }
    }
  ]
}
```

## List Feature Sets for Organization

> This endpoint lists the feature sets available to a particular organization. The results may differ from the previous global endpoint - for instance, if the organization has already had a free trial, the trial feature set will not appear in this list.

Reviewer: Question: How's this interact with the Business tier? My expectation would be that it'd appear in the global list but NOT the org list (usually), because you can't just swipe a credit card to get it... but I'm not seeing it in the global list either.

Author: This is a weird thing that I wasn't 100% sure how best to represent here! The Business tier should  appear in both, so I must have copy-pasted something wrong at some point, but as you note, organizations can't actually subscribe to it directly.

Maybe better phrasing would be:

```suggestion
This endpoint lists the feature sets a particular organization is eligible to access. The results may differ from the previous global endpoint - for instance, if the organization has already had a free trial, the trial feature set will not appear in this list.
```
